Real work. Real training. Real growth. There's no limit to what you can accomplish through our unique LearnIT program, with 6 weeks of orientation to set you up for professional and technical success at Uline.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Position Responsibilities

Design, develop, implement, support and maintain applications based on business requirements using the Spring, Angular and .NET frameworks.

Create and maintain user interface patterns and standard library.

Apply object-oriented principles when implementing solutions.

Troubleshoot and resolve software-related issues.

Maintain code quality through unit testing.

Document code appropriately for maintainability.

Communicate with business analysts to gather accurate specifications for new enhancements and applications. Translate requirements into functional code.

Collaborate with team members on projects.

LearnIT at Uline!

What’s it About? Our 6-week training course offers hands-on job experience while you learn Uline’s IT functions and business model.

What’s the Benefit? Sharpen your technical and communication skills as you expand your professional network.

Who Should Apply? Entry-level professionals with a passion for IT, a strong technical aptitude, and a mind for continuous improvement.

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, IT or related field.

Educational experience in C#, Java or any object-oriented language and SQL programming.

Experience interacting with REST APIs.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Available for possible travel to Uline's domestic and international branches.

Benefits

Complete medical, dental, vision and life insurance coverage, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.

401(k) with 5% employer match.

Paid holidays and generous paid time off.

Tuition Assistance Program that covers professional continuing education.

Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.

Employee Perks

On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.

First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.

Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.

Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.

Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials. We're a family-owned company known for incredible service, quality products and same-day shipping of our huge in-stock inventory. With over 8,500 employees across 12 locations, it's time you joined Uline.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment hair follicle drug screening.

Applicants must be authorized to work lawfully in the US without sponsorship.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-JP1

#CORP

(#IN-PPITA)

Our employees make the difference and we are committed to offering exceptional benefits and perks! Explore Uline.jobs to learn more!

Hiring Insights
Job activity
Posted 30+ days ago
Uline
original job
